0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

0- The script 0-hello_world in the file prints "Hello, World",followed by a new line to the standard output.

1- The script 1-confused_smiley in the file displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.

2- The script 2-hellofile in the file display the content of the /etc/passwd file.

3- The script 3-twofiles in the file displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.

4- The script 4-lastlines in the file displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

5- The script 5-firstlines in the file displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

6- The script 6-third-line in the file displays the third line of the file iacta.

7- The script 7-file in the file creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line.

8- The script 8-cwd_state in the file writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it.

9- The script 9-duplicate_last_line in the file duplicates the last line of the file iacta.

10-The script 10-no_more_js in the file deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.

Commit message:

Created the file 12-newest_files

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

0- The script 0-hello_world in the file prints "Hello, World",followed by a new line to the standard output.

1- The script 1-confused_smiley in the file displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.

2- The script 2-hellofile in the file display the content of the /etc/passwd file.

3- The script 3-twofiles in the file displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.

4- The script 4-lastlines in the file displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

5- The script 5-firstlines in the file displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

6- The script 6-third-line in the file displays the third line of the file iacta.

7- The script 7-file in the file creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line.

8- The script 8-cwd_state in the file writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it.

9- The script 9-duplicate_last_line in the file duplicates the last line of the file iacta.

10- The script 10-no_more_js in the file deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.

11- The script 11-directories in the file counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.

The current and parent directories should not be taken into account
Hidden directories should be counted

12- The script 12-newest_files in the file displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.

Requirements:

One file per line
Sorted from the newest to the oldest
