0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

0- The script in the 0-current_working_directory file prints the absolute path name of the current working directory.

1- The script in the 1-listit file displays the contents list of your current directory.

2- The script in the file 2-bring_me_home changes the working directory to the user's home directory.

3- The script in the file 3-listfiles displays current directory contents in a long format.

4- The script 4-listmorefiles in the file displays current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .)

5- The script 5-listfilesdigitonly in the file displays current directory contents.
	* Long format
	*With user and group IDs displayed numerically
	*And hidden files

6- The script 6-firstdirectory in the file creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/directory.

7- The script 7-movethatfile in the files moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_dirctory.

8- The script 8-firstdelete in the file delete the file betty.

9- THe script 9-firstdirdeletion in the file deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory.

10- The script 10-back in the file changes the working directory to the previous one.

11- The script 11-lists in the file lists all files in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory, in long format.

12- The script 12-file_type in the file prints the type of the file named iamafile.

13- The script 13-symbolic_linc in the file creates a symbolic link to/bin/ls, named __ls__.

Commit message:

Add the file 14-copy_html

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

0- The script in the 0-current_working_directory file prints the absolute path name of the current working directory.

1- The script in the 1-listit file displays the contents list of your current directory.

2- The script in the file 2-bring_me_home changes the working directory to the user's home directory.

3- The script in the file 3-listfiles displays current directory contents in a long format.

4- The script 4-listmorefiles in the file displays current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .)

5- The script 5-listfilesdigitonly in the file displays current directory contents.
	* Long format
	*With user and group IDs displayed numerically
	*And hidden files

6- The script 6-firstdirectory in the file creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/directory.

7- The script 7-movethatfile in the files moves the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_dirctory.

8- The script 8-firstdelete in the file delete the file betty.

9- THe script 9-firstdirdeletion in the file deletes the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory.

10- The script 10-back in the file changes the working directory to the previous one.

11- The script 11-lists in the file lists all files in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory, in long format.

12- The script 12-file_type in the file prints the type of the file named iamafile.

13- The script 13-symbolic_linc in the file creates a symbolic link to/bin/ls, named __ls__.

14- The script 14-copy_html in the file copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.
